fix: AMS documentation link in cap-users.md (#2367)
cap-js/docs: guides/security/cap-users.md

## Role Assignment with AMS { #roles-assignment-ams }

> CAP applications that use the [Identity Authentication Service (IAS)](https://help.sap.com/docs/identity-authentication) for authentication can leverage the [Authorization Management Service (AMS)](https://help.sap.com/docs/authorization-and-trust-management-service) to provide comprehensive authorization. Similar to IAS, AMS is part of the [SAP Cloud Identity Services (SCI)](https://help.sap.com/docs/cloud-identity-services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAP applications that use the [Identity Authentication Service (IAS)](https://help.sap.com/docs/identity-authentication) for authentication can leverage the [Authorization Management Service (AMS)](https://sap.github.io/cloud-identity-developer-guide/Authorization/GettingStarted.html) to provide comprehensive authorization. Similar to IAS, AMS is part of the [SAP Cloud Identity Services (SCI)](https://help.sap.com/docs/cloud-identity-services).
```
